!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	2	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
alphaField	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^    typedef typename BasicTurbulenceModel::alphaField alphaField;$/;"	t	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
C1kEps_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^            dimensionedScalar C1kEps_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
C1kOm_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^            dimensionedScalar C1kOm_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
C2kEps_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^            dimensionedScalar C2kEps_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
C2kOm_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^            dimensionedScalar C2kOm_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
chi	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalBase<TurbulenceModel, BasicTurbulenceModel>::chi() const$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
chi	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^        virtual tmp<volScalarField> chi() const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
Cmu_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^            dimensionedScalar Cmu_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
correct	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^        virtual void correct();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
correctNut	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.C	/^void WrayAgarwalBase<TurbulenceModel, BasicTurbulenceModel>::correctNut$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
correctNut	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.C	/^void WrayAgarwalBase<TurbulenceModel, BasicTurbulenceModel>::correctNut()$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
correctNut	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^        virtual void correctNut();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
correctNut	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^        void correctNut(const volScalarField& fv1);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
Cw_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^            dimensionedScalar Cw_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
epsilon	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalBase<TurbulenceModel, BasicTurbulenceModel>::epsilon() const$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
epsilon	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^        virtual tmp<volScalarField> epsilon() const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
F1	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^        virtual tmp<volScalarField> F1$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
Fmi	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalBase<TurbulenceModel, BasicTurbulenceModel>::Fmi$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
Fmi	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^        virtual tmp<volScalarField> Fmi(const volScalarField& chi) const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
Foam	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.C	/^namespace Foam$/;"	n	language:C++	file:
Foam	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^namespace Foam$/;"	n	language:C++
k	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalBase<TurbulenceModel, BasicTurbulenceModel>::k() const$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
k	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^        virtual tmp<volScalarField> k() const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
kappa_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^            dimensionedScalar kappa_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
nuEff	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.C	/^volScalarField WrayAgarwalBase<TurbulenceModel, BasicTurbulenceModel>::nuEff$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
nuEff	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^        volScalarField nuEff$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
operator =	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^        void operator=(const WrayAgarwalBase&) = delete;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
read	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.C	/^bool WrayAgarwalBase<TurbulenceModel, BasicTurbulenceModel>::read()$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
read	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^        virtual bool read();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
rhoField	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^    typedef typename BasicTurbulenceModel::rhoField rhoField;$/;"	t	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
R_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^            volScalarField R_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
sigmakEps_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^            dimensionedScalar sigmakEps_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
sigmakOm_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^            dimensionedScalar sigmakOm_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
transportModel	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^    typedef typename BasicTurbulenceModel::transportModel transportModel;$/;"	t	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
WrayAgarwalBase	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.C	/^WrayAgarwalBase<TurbulenceModel, BasicTurbulenceModel>::WrayAgarwalBase$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
WrayAgarwalBase	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^        WrayAgarwalBase$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
WrayAgarwalBase	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^        WrayAgarwalBase(const WrayAgarwalBase&) = delete;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
WrayAgarwalBase	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^class WrayAgarwalBase$/;"	c	language:C++	namespace:Foam
WrayAgarwalBase_H	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	46;"	d	language:C++
~WrayAgarwalBase	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/Base/WrayAgarwal/WrayAgarwalBase.H	/^    virtual ~WrayAgarwalBase()$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::WrayAgarwalBase
