!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	2	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
alphaField	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^    typedef typename BasicTurbulenceModel::alphaField alphaField;$/;"	t	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
alphaField	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^    typedef typename BasicTurbulenceModel::alphaField alphaField;$/;"	t	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
C1kEps_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar C1kEps_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
C1kEps_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar C1kEps_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
C1kOm_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar C1kOm_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
C1kOm_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar C1kOm_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
C2kEps_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar C2kEps_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
C2kEps_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar C2kEps_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
C2kOm_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar C2kOm_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
C2kOm_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar C2kOm_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Ca2_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar Ca2_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Ca2_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar Ca2_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Ce2_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar Ce2_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Ce2_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar Ce2_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
chi	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::chi() const$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
chi	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        tmp<volScalarField> chi() const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
chi	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::chi() const$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
chi	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        tmp<volScalarField> chi() const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Cmu_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar Cmu_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Cmu_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar Cmu_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Cm_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar Cm_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Cm_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar Cm_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
correct	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^void WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::correct()$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
correct	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        virtual void correct();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
correct	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^void WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::correct()$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
correct	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        virtual void correct();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
correctNut	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^void WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::correctNut$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
correctNut	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^void WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::correctNut()$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
correctNut	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        virtual void correctNut();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
correctNut	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        void correctNut(const volScalarField& fv1);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
correctNut	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^void WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::correctNut$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
correctNut	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^void WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::correctNut()$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
correctNut	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        virtual void correctNut();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
correctNut	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        void correctNut(const volScalarField& fv1);$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Cw_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar Cw_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Cw_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar Cw_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
DIM_SC	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	147;"	d	language:C++	file:
DIM_SC	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	174;"	d	language:C++	file:
DIM_SC_GAMM	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	35;"	d	language:C++	file:
DIM_SC_GAMM	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	523;"	d	language:C++	file:
DIM_SC_GAMM	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	34;"	d	language:C++	file:
DIM_SC_R	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	36;"	d	language:C++	file:
DIM_SC_R	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	522;"	d	language:C++	file:
DIM_SC_R	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	35;"	d	language:C++	file:
epsilon	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::epsilon() const$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
epsilon	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        virtual tmp<volScalarField> epsilon() const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
epsilon	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::epsilon() const$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
epsilon	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        virtual tmp<volScalarField> epsilon() const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
F1	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::F1 $/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
F1	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        tmp<volScalarField> F1$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
F1	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::F1 $/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
F1	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        tmp<volScalarField> F1$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Fmi	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::Fmi $/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Fmi	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        tmp<volScalarField> Fmi(const volScalarField& chi) const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Fmi	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::Fmi $/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Fmi	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        tmp<volScalarField> Fmi(const volScalarField& chi) const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Foam	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^namespace Foam$/;"	n	language:C++	file:
Foam	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^namespace Foam$/;"	n	language:C++	file:
Foam	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^namespace Foam$/;"	n	language:C++
Foam	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^namespace Foam$/;"	n	language:C++	file:
Foam	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^namespace Foam$/;"	n	language:C++
F_onset	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::F_onset$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
F_onset	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^		tmp<volScalarField> F_onset$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
F_onset	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::F_onset$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
F_onset	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^		tmp<volScalarField> F_onset$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
F_PG	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^volScalarField WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceMode>::F_PG$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
F_PG	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^		volScalarField F_PG() const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
F_PG	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceMode>::F_PG$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
F_PG	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^		tmp<volScalarField>F_PG() const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
gamma_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            volScalarField gamma_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
gamma_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            volScalarField gamma_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
grad_p	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceMode>::grad_p$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
grad_p	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^		tmp<volScalarField>grad_p() const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
k	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::k() const$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
k	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        virtual tmp<volScalarField> k() const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
k	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::k() const$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
k	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        virtual tmp<volScalarField> k() const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
kappa_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar kappa_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
kappa_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar kappa_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
NO_DIM_SC	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	37;"	d	language:C++	file:
NO_DIM_SC	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	521;"	d	language:C++	file:
nuEff_gamma	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^volScalarField WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::nuEff_gamma$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
nuEff_gamma	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^		volScalarField nuEff_gamma() const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
nuEff_gamma	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^volScalarField WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::nuEff_gamma$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
nuEff_gamma	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^		volScalarField nuEff_gamma() const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
nuEff_R	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^volScalarField WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::nuEff_R$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
nuEff_R	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        volScalarField nuEff_R$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
nuEff_R	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^volScalarField WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::nuEff_R$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
nuEff_R	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        volScalarField nuEff_R$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
operator =	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        void operator=(const WrayAgarwalTransition&) = delete;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
operator =	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        void operator=(const WrayAgarwalTransition&) = delete;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
PR_lim	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::PR_lim$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
PR_lim	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        tmp<volScalarField> PR_lim$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
PR_lim	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::PR_lim$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
PR_lim	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        tmp<volScalarField> PR_lim$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
p_param	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceMode>::p_param$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
p_param	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^		tmp<volScalarField>p_param() const;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
RASModels	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^namespace RASModels$/;"	n	language:C++	namespace:Foam	file:
RASModels	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^namespace RASModels$/;"	n	language:C++	namespace:Foam
RASModels	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^namespace RASModels$/;"	n	language:C++	namespace:Foam	file:
RASModels	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^namespace RASModels$/;"	n	language:C++	namespace:Foam
RAStransportModelIncompressibleTurbulenceModel	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^		RAStransportModelIncompressibleTurbulenceModel;$/;"	t	language:C++	namespace:Foam	file:
read	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^bool WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::read()$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
read	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        virtual bool read();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
read	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^bool WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::read()$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
read	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        virtual bool read();$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Re_theta	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::Re_theta$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Re_theta	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^		tmp<volScalarField>Re_theta$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Re_theta	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::Re_theta$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Re_theta	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^		tmp<volScalarField>Re_theta$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
rhoField	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^    typedef typename BasicTurbulenceModel::rhoField rhoField;$/;"	t	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
rhoField	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^    typedef typename BasicTurbulenceModel::rhoField rhoField;$/;"	t	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
R_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            volScalarField R_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
R_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            volScalarField R_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
sigmaGamm_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar sigmaGamm_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
sigmaGamm_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar sigmaGamm_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
sigmakEps_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar sigmakEps_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
sigmakEps_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar sigmakEps_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
sigmakOm_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar sigmakOm_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
sigmakOm_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            dimensionedScalar sigmakOm_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
transportModel	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^    typedef typename BasicTurbulenceModel::transportModel transportModel;$/;"	t	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
transportModel	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^    typedef typename BasicTurbulenceModel::transportModel transportModel;$/;"	t	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
transportModelIncompressibleTurbulenceModel	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^		transportModelIncompressibleTurbulenceModel;$/;"	t	language:C++	namespace:Foam	file:
Tu_l	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceMode>::Tu_l$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Tu_l	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^		tmp<volScalarField>Tu_l$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Tu_l	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^tmp<volScalarField> WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceMode>::Tu_l$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
Tu_l	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^		tmp<volScalarField>Tu_l$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
WrayAgarwalTransition	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::WrayAgarwalTransition$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
WrayAgarwalTransition	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        WrayAgarwalTransition$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
WrayAgarwalTransition	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        WrayAgarwalTransition(const WrayAgarwalTransition&) = delete;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
WrayAgarwalTransition	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^class WrayAgarwalTransition$/;"	c	language:C++	namespace:Foam::RASModels
WrayAgarwalTransition	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.C	/^WrayAgarwalTransition<BasicTurbulenceModel>::WrayAgarwalTransition$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
WrayAgarwalTransition	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        WrayAgarwalTransition$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
WrayAgarwalTransition	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^        WrayAgarwalTransition(const WrayAgarwalTransition&) = delete;$/;"	p	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
WrayAgarwalTransition	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^class WrayAgarwalTransition$/;"	c	language:C++	namespace:Foam::RASModels
WrayAgarwalTransition_H	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	47;"	d	language:C++
WrayAgarwalTransition_H	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	47;"	d	language:C++
y_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            const volScalarField& y_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
y_	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^            const volScalarField& y_;$/;"	m	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
~WrayAgarwalTransition	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/incompressible/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^    virtual ~WrayAgarwalTransition()$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
~WrayAgarwalTransition	/home/david/OpenFOAM/david-7/src/TurbulenceModels/turbulenceModels/RAS/WrayAgarwal-Transition/WrayAgarwalTransition.H	/^    virtual ~WrayAgarwalTransition()$/;"	f	language:C++	class:Foam::RASModels::WrayAgarwalTransition
